Expand dataset import connectors (#866)
h2oai/h2o-llmstudio: documentation/docs/guide/datasets/import-dataset.md

        </li>
        </ol>
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="hugging face" label="Hugging Face">
        <ol>
        <li>
        Enter values for the following fields:
            <ul>
            <li>
            <b>Hugging Face dataset: </b><br></br>
            Enter the name of the Hugging Face dataset.
            </li>
            <li>
            <b>Split: </b><br></br>
            Enter the specific data split you want to import (e.g., "train", "test").
            </li>
            <li>
            <b>Hugging Face API token (optional): </b><br></br>

>             Enter your Hugging Face API token to authenticate access to private datasets or specific features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Enter your Hugging Face API token to authenticate access to private datasets or datasets with gated access.
```
